https://twitter.com/intriguecon

https://www.facebook.com/groups/663587420414716/

Tabletop Roleplaying Convention
IntrigueCon is an annual tabletop roleplaying game convention that takes place in Edmonton, Alberta.

Playing host to dozens of game sessions over three days, IntrigueCon is a great opportunity to meet new people, reconnect with old friends, or try something new.


About Us
Hi there, apparently for some reason you’d like to know more about us. It takes all sorts I suppose.

Anyway, IntrigueCon is Clint, Daniel, Daniel, Rob, and all the people that have supported it over the years by playing and running games.

The first IntrigueCon ran all the way back in October of 2013 it had 31 attendees and that included the four of us. It was a pretty good turnout considering we’d only conceived of it a couple of months before. The idea to host the con was not some lightning bolt that struck us, it just came out of a very casual conversation about conventions in general. We thought it would be a good idea to have a local convention so we organised one and people came.

For the most part it’s still largely like that. Although experience has taught us more efficient ways to do things it’s still very much a grassroots event. We don’t have a lot of sponsorship nor do we do a lot of advertising. Despite this, we’re still here five years later and that’s largely because of word-of-mouth recommendations and keeping our costs as low as possible.

A big part of the ethos of IntrigueCon is that that everyone is in this together. If roleplayers want Edmonton to have an annual convention then we need everyone, GMs and players, to pitch in. One can’t function without the other so we don’t differentiate.

This ethos is also a crucial component of keeping the convention afloat financially. While some other conventions offer discounts for GMs, after losing a lot of money in the first year, there was no way we could continue to do this. The organising of IntrigueCon was never intended to be a commercial venture, but equally we couldn’t continue to put in the hundreds of hours it takes to make IntrigueCon work for the purposes of getting a bill at the end. At the very least the registrations had to cover the costs.

That said, our goal is always to offer a little something extra to GMs in recognition of the work that they put in to create a game, but we trust that GMs are doing putting in that work because they enjoy it. If you’re not into that particular variety of “lonely fun”, then come to IntrigueCon as a player. We’d love to have you.

Considering all this, our plan to keep IntrigueCon alive is simple, and it also happens to be what we’re all about:

Organising a consistently fun, well-organized and inclusive event
Offering as wide a variety of games for people to try as possible
Creating a roleplaying event that encourages roleplayers get to know other roleplayers in the city and beyond.
Creating an environment that fosters positive experiences for first-time roleplayers so they become regular roleplayers.
And that’s all you need to know About Us and the convention. We look forward to seeing you there so that you can check it out in person.







CODE OF CONDUCT


Cons are some of my favourite times of the year and we are committed to making sure that IntrigueCon will be a highlight for you.

Now, having said that, your fun is not allowed to be at the expense or someone else's fun and that's why IntrigueCon has a code of conduct.

For most functioning members of society this will all be common courtesy, however, in the event you can't or won't adhere to the code of conduct you can expect:

Mediation by IntrigueCon staff.
Verbal warnings.
Revocation of registration and ejection from IntrigueCon. No refunds will be offered.
Contacting local law enforcement.

Personal Interactions:
We ask that you respect others so that everyone is comfortable and feels safe while attending gueCon.

Harassment or discrimination of any sort will not be tolerated.
If someone asks you to leave them alone, you walk away, and you do not approach them again.
Discrimination is not limited to gender, race, ethnicity, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or physical/mental disability.
If you feel that you have been harassed or discriminated against:
Tell the individual(s) that their behavior is inappropriate. This may be sufficient to achieve the the desired response.
If you do not feel comfortable talking with the individual(s) involved, or if talking to them does not work, please immediately report the situation to any IntrigueCon staff member. If you wish to remain anonymous, please let the con staff member know and we will not reveal your name.
We cannot take action to resolve any incidents if they are not reported.

Privacy, Photography, and Electronic Recordings:
An IntrigueCon volunteer will be taking photos of the convention throughout the weekend, and posting those photos online at a later date. Other attendees may take photos, video, or audio recordings for personal archival use but we request that any subjects featured in these cordings be consulted.

You have the right to request that your image/recording not be taken or used. The photographer/recorder is then expressly forbidden to continue.


Game Content:
The IntrigueCon game schedulers review all games submitted. However, we can only assess and publish, the information supplied by the GM. Additionally, even though we require that GMs identify content advisories we cannot review GM scripts ahead of time and, although we expect t, we cannot guarantee that GMs will conform to the parameters they specify. Attendees should be aware that there may be mature language both in and out of character and that, depending on the game, violence may also feature prominently. If you have any concerns we strongly recommend that you make enquiries with us, or with the prospective GM before playing a game.

Additionally, while we require that GMs adhere to this code of conduct they are not baby-sitters, and as such they are not accountable for offensive behaviour by any player. If a player is consistently breaking rules, engaging in what the GM considers unacceptable conduct of any sort, or is harassing any other player and, does not stop the objectionable actions when asked, IntrigueCon delegates to the GM the right to ask that player leave the game. GMs are expected to use this power only as a last resort. If the GM doesn’t feel comfortable ejecting a player, please immediately find an IntrigueCon staff member, who will do so.

Anyone who has questions about how these policies are applied may email intrigue@hazardgaming.com before the convention, or any staff member during the convention. In all cases, our primary intent is to facilitate a game-playing experience that is positive for all participants, and our decisions on applying policy will be made with that intent foremost.


In Summary
Don’t ruin the con for others; make it more awesome.

Let us know immediately if someone is ruining the con for you. All con-ruiners will be dealt with.